And now, this is where, like I said
everything the source of truth to
everything in this main function, right?
And you may think we need to pass in
handle request, and then event like so.
That's not the way we're
gonna deploy a lambda.
We're gonna do is lambda which can
bring in that package from up.
I was gonna say upstairs,
we're gonna bring it in.
So, let's keep our format.
And in here,
GitHub.com/AWS/AWS-lambda-go/lambda, okay?
If we go back down,
this lambda is gonna take an argument.
Or we're gonna call a method on this,
which is start.
And then we pass in our function here,
our handle request.
And you may have noticed, there is no
call, we're not calling handler request.
We're not doing this.
And the reason for that is functions
are first class citizens in Go.
Meaning, you can pass
functions as values as well.
Okay, so essentially, we're not telling,
lambda.start to call
this function right away.
We're just saying, hey,
lambda.start on invocation, okay?
Here's the function that you're going to
run, which are handle request function.
And there's a lot of like really
interesting complexity that
goes behind the scenes of this.
Cuz like I said, we created this type,
we created as MyEvent.
The go AWS SDK doesn't know what this is.
It doesn't know that has a user name,
we could change that, right?
So there's lots of interesting
thought philosophy with using Go and
how you can handle these
cases of this unknown.
We're gonna go to a few examples of these,
but
just recognize that lambda.start
is not calling the function.
It's being passed a function to call.
Cool, so, we're done with this main.go,
we're done with our first
definition of lambda.
Let's switch gears back to our
Go CDK file here for a second.
So in this file, we're not going
to touch anything that main.go.
Actually, never going to touch this.
Just ignore it.
We're going to touch everything,
and this is our playground, okay?
And here, as you can see the example
resource define a new queue,
we can define a new lambda.
So, the first thing I want to do is this
is why I guess I did remove the example.
That's okay.
We're going to first bring
in our example here.
So let's see.
The definition for that example,
it's just GitHub.com/AWS/AWS-CDK.go.
And it's going to be V2 AWS Lambda.
Cool, let's see that I
get the right AWS-CDK.
Let's go, before the V2.
Sorry, it's a long, I think AWS CDK.
There you go.
And
you can see there's
a different input right here.
Already, now we're just going
to complain that's unused.
Before we're getting a different
error message saying, hey,
I don't know what this is.
This is not importing our go.mod.
Now, since we know return a compiler,
hey, we have this and said yes,
we do, now it's unused, okay?
So, here we're gonna keep the same
structure as this resource, but
let's clean up our car loop.
Let's remove this line.
And let's actually just remove
everything for right now, okay?
I'm going to use that same definition.
So I'm going to do AWS Lambda.
I'm going to put New function, okay?
And this new function
takes certain properties.
Just like anything else, we saw with
the queue, we're going to see a DynamoDB.
We're going to go to API Gateway.
It takes specific properties
to call this function.
If you go dive into this new function,
right?
You can see there's gonna be a few
examples of how we can run it and
what expects but here the first thing
that we need to pass in Is our stack.
That first baby piece that we kind
of lay going onto is the stack.
So now we're saying, hey, this stack
is gonna have this lambda function, and
we're gonna say the name of the function.
You can even see here new function expects
a contract type, an ID, string and
a props,
which is AWS Lambda function props.
So here let's I should give it an ID,
js, double A string.
And let's just call
this MyLambda function.
You can call whatever you want.
This is just the ID of this
particular lambda function.
And then we're gonna pass it a ref
to AWS Lambda function props.
I'm gonna open that up.
And this is actually what I
intended to go into first.
So if we go in here,
this is a very good resource to know and
understand what does this really expect?
What can we call our function props?
And there's some examples in the raw CDK
code that shows you how to use this,
and there's a really good example.
The function prompts has these three
properties, runtime, handler and code.
Again, every resource is gonna have
their own definition for properties.
These are lambda specific properties
that we're dealing with here, okay?
The runtime basically tells
a lambda function hey,
this is the runtime of a Code.
This is what we've
written our back end in.
And again, this could be Python,
this could be Node, Go, whatever.
So it's important that
we pass in our runtime.
The handler is basically where
does this code exist, right?
We're gonna bundle our code up,
and then we have to use that code,
give it to our lambda contract
to be deployed with, okay?
Because as of right now,
if we do not give it a handler,
we're gonna deploy quite
literally an empty lambda.
So this handler is where our code
should be packaged and bundled.
And then the code,
how do we actually execute our code, okay?
Where is the code going to be executed and
how are we going to get executed, right?
So I can go back and
show a quick example here.
So we can first pass in the Runtime, okay?
And the runtime, unfortunately,
GoCDK recently made a change in
their runtime where, for Go,
it used to support Go natively,
but now we have to pass it in
a custom runtime provision.
So it's going to be
Runtime_PROVIDED_AL2023, okay?
And this is a recent change they've made.
They've deprecated support for
bundling native Go functions, so
we have to provide the runtime.
But this actually isn't a big deal cuz,
I'm gonna show you how Go makes it
super easy for us to define the runtime
of where you can run this code, okay?
Next, is gonna be the code property.
So we're gonna say code.
And in here, it's going to be AWS Lambda,
and it's a few options.
You can see it from Asset Image,
and from Bucket.
So you can actually host your application
in sdbucket and reference it from there.
You can host it on like a docker image or
an ECR image, host it from there, or
you can actually do from asset.
And from asset means we're gonna give
you literally the function to run.
So it's gonna be AWS Lambda.
Oops, hold on.
Asset code from Asset.
And this, we have to pass in basically
the path over this code is gonna live.
So we're gonna do JSI string, because
it needs to compile that string for
us, right?
This JSI framework basically compiling
a Goshen type to a TypeScript string type.
That's kinda what it's
doing under the hood, okay?
And then the path.
So this is gonna be lambda,
the directory that we just created, and
into what we're gonna call function.zip,
okay?
And then the nil is gonna be saying,
we don't want to pass any
additional properties.
There's nothing more that we wanna
provide our asset from code.
But it's gonna be straight zip,
it's gonna have everything you need.
You can deploy it, you can use it.
There might be some further instances of,
again, controlling granularity might be
interested in, but no, for
right now we don't need it.
And then the handler.
And this is a very important kind
of concept I wanna tie really
back from when we first started
writing code in the first part.
Remember when I said,
anytime you run code and
Go the source of choose the main
function and it has to be packaged main.
This is why,
because when we run our Go code,
you can actually compile
it to machine code.
They can execute anytime you want,
but to do that successfully and
to do that in a very intelligent way, you
have to identify a specific package main.
And that package main is expected
to have a function called main,
which serves as the entry point for
our Go application.
I'm gonna show you a little example here.
So we're gonna kind of deviate from this.
If you go here,
go to Go back to our lambda main.go.
Yes, question.
>> Question about that before
we get into that, the runtime,
what's the relationship between
the runtime and the code?
So if you have like a Ruby runtime-
>> Yeah.
>> Does that mean that you could run
Ruby code without shipping Ruby?
Like it's available in
the Runtime already.
>> Yeah, specifically in Ruby and lambda,
I don't know if that's supported,
but conceptually, yes.
So, let's say something I can
probably speak further on as a node.
You're basically saying if the runtime is
node, the lambda you're gonna deploy to is
gonna have everything ready
to run that version of node.
And it's different but node 18,
node 16 16 as one of the options
there if I'm not mistaken.
So it's basically telling, hey,
this lambda function can call a typescript
function that's going to run on node.
And in this case,
we're gonna provide it the runtime.
But let's say we did this like a year ago,
it's gonna have to go runtime.
The lambda is going to say, hey,
we're gonna call this lambda function,
it's going to run Go code on the Lambda,
right?
So you can't really mix up with Node and
Go.
You're gonna have like a gnarly error.
So you want to avoid that.
But that's conceptually what it is.
Because we're not gonna different
from server-based architecture,
we have to download like Node, all
these dependencies to run your program.
This is how we handle that in
a serverless-based architecture.
That was a really good question,
thank you.
So I wanna showcase an ability of Go.
Here we have this lambda.start, right?
Do me favorite comment this out.
And then all I want you to
do is our classic format,
print line, hello world, okay?
We took a few steps back.
We've regressed, all right?
Now in our Lambda directory, I want you
to run it go run main dog, all right?
That's how we do it.
Hello World, cool.
We've done this before,
why am I showing you this?
Here's some magic gobuild-outputmain.
Did anyone see what happened?
Something's different.
There's an acronym and see what it is.
>> Executable.
>> Yes, exactly.
We have an executable main here.
This compiled our entire Go
code into machine code, right?
And now you can just do main.
You can execute as if it's scripted.
As if it's just an executable
piece of software, right?
And so now you can understand the power
of how easy it is to deploy Go in
different environments.
CICD pipelines, all you gotta
do is execute like this, right?
And that's why we followed that package
main main function entry point hierarchy.
Because the source of truth of what this
is going to run basically bubbles down to
the main function.
Cool, all right, yes.
>> Can you bypass the whole
runtime process and
just upload that binary file to Lambda and
execute it.
That's like a Linux binary?
>> No, you can't, because,
we're kind of going to do
that in the next command,
but we still have to tell
the Lambda what the runtime is.
So even if we just give
it this binary file,
I think the way lambdas
are constructed engineered,
there's maybe too much wiggle room of
what can happen on these deployment.
So I think the team at AWS wanted to
really confine what the runtime will be
when you deploy it.
And again, you can think of like if
you're deploying like Python runtime or
something like that, you have to provide
this runtime so it can do whatever it
has to do to download everything
to run your code successfully.
And there's a reason why
they remove the runtime.
And we're gonna show why that is Is
in just a second with like native go
features.
Okay, so now we have this main.
Let's go ahead and delete this.
I was just showing you that for example.
Fun fact, if you have go PLS on VS code or
near him and you save something,
it actually automatically
brings in a package.
So I didn't bring it in.
It kind of brought it in
itself once I saved it.